- [Instructor] In order to be really successful
in this course, you need to be comfortable with Java.
You don't necessarily need to be an expert,
but being able to navigate
through the different programming constructs
that we'll be using.
We'll be using Java 8 in this course.
You can use a more recent version of Java
but expect to have issues with Gradle version
and compatibilities when we perform builds.
Additionally, because we're using Spring JMS API,
it's pretty important you're familiar
with the way Spring API works.
Again, you don't need to be an expert
but some minimal exposure to Spring is important.
Our builds will be done using Gradle.
If you're familiar with Maven,
then Gradle won't be too difficult for you to grasp.
The current version of Gradle used for this course is 4.6
along with JDK 1.8.
This course's exercise files are located in GitHub,
and you don't need to know a lot about Git
because I'll be walking you
through how to retrieve the necessary files.
Finally, any modern IDE will do,
like Eclipse, NetBeans, or IntelliJ.
I'll be using IntelliJ Community Edition for this project.